What I'm building: I want to build a personal net worth calculator that easily lets people see what percentage of their net worth is in which asset. 

Who it's for / Why: This app will be for any individual that wants to quickly track how much money they have in stocks vs index funds vs bonds vs cash vs real estate, etc. In my experience, there are very good trackers to track each of these individual assets (IE Yahoo Finance for stocks), but it is hard to track assets of all different types in the same platform. This could be for anyone (low or high net worth), who wants to quickly get a snapshot of their wealth portfolio when making an investment decision or tracking performance. 

Core features: The calculator will ask the user to use a dropdown menu to choose which type of asset they are recording. The user will then input the amount of that asset, before it is saved on screen. They will keep going until they have inputted all of their assets. The calculator will have different visualization options (pie chart, bar chart, etc) to visualize the output. It will give the user an opportunity to save their values at any given time, where they can compare their current values and percentage to previous dates. The site will also have some material from experts that show recommended break downs for net worth asset allocation based on factors like age, etc. 

What I don't know yet: I don't know the JavaScript elements I will need to use for both the dropdown menu, and the visualization and calculations that the calculator will output. I also don't know how I will naviagte the user being able to save their previous inputs. 